docs: document Auto Namespace creation and RBD disable (#1603)
canonical/k8s-snap: docs/canonicalk8s/charm/howto/ceph-csi.md

> application changes so that it doesn't collide with `ceph-csi`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application is set so that it doesn't collide with `ceph-csi`. In this example we have deployed the `ceph-csi` in `ceph-ns` namespace and `ceph-csi-alt` in `ceph-csi-alt` namespace.
```
then check it is in a different ns rather than setting the ns as we should already have it set from deploying it

```

> CEPH_NS_ALT=ceph-csi-alt  # kubernetes namespace for the alternate ceph driver

Author: I changed these command block because  the charm now supports automatic namespace creation and it's no longer necessary for an administrator to create the namespace.
I wanted to be consistent about having a "copy/paste"-able style command block.  

I don't think i understand your concern here.

associated namespace. Ensure the configuration for the `ceph-csi-alt`
application changes so that it doesn't collide with `ceph-csi`.

> If both `ceph-csi` and `ceph-csi-alt` were configured with `namespace=default`,

Reviewer: starting at line 178:
````suggestion
There are some Kubernetes Resources which collide in this deployment style.
The  `ceph-csi-alt` application may enter a blocked state with
a status detailing the resource conflicts it detects:

example)
`10 Kubernetes resource collisions (action: list-resources)`

### Resolving collisions

List the collisions by running an action on the charm:

```
juju run ceph-csi-alt/leader list-resources
```

#### Namespace collisions

Many of the Kubernetes Resources managed by the `ceph-csi` charm have an
associated namespace. Ensure the configuration for the `ceph-csi-alt`
application doesn't collide with `ceph-csi`.

If both `ceph-csi` and `ceph-csi-alt` were configured with `namespace=default`,
then one of the charms will be in a blocked state. Assign `ceph-csi-alt` to an alternate namespace.
````
